Added the Versions files in Doc (#343)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/reference/qfieldcloud/projects.en.md

└── project.qgs
```

> ## Files versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## File versions
```

> Files version is a method used by QFieldCloud to restore to a previous version of the modified files. The files versions can be found in in **Files** section of your project, the **Community plan** will allow to store 3 files versions, **Pro plan** and **Organization plan** will allow to store 10 files versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QFieldCloud uses file versioning that allows you to restore to a previous version of the modified files. The files and file versions can be found in in **Files** section of your project. Each subscription plan has different default number of versions stored for each file. Check the qfield.cloud [https://qfield.cloud/pricing.html](pricing page for further details).
```

> ### How to remove old versions of the files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deleting old file versions
```

> The saved versions, can be deleted. If there is a specific file or versions that like to remove, this can manually be delete from the project's **File** section. This can help free up space and ensure that only relevant versions files are retained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure only relevant file versions are retained or to reduce the amout of storage needed for your account, you can delete obsolete file versions. You can manually delete file versions from the project's **File** section.
```
